DOCSP 13856: find usage example (#8)
mongodb/docs-golang: source/usage-examples/find.txt

=======================

.. default-domain:: mongodb

You can find multiple documents in a collection by using the ``Find()``
method.

> The following example passes a query filter to the ``Find()`` method,
> which matches documents in the ``zips`` collection if the value of their

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example passes a query filter to the ``Find()`` method
that matches documents in the ``zips`` collection if the value of their
```

Nit: I think this should be "that" as I think the contents of the [query is essential information in the context of the page](https://www.grammarly.com/blog/which-vs-that/) (it is necessary for understanding expected results section).

Author: Leaving it as is to maintain consistency with other pages. Since there is so little information preceding the code snippet, I don't think people will skip that part of the sentence even if it starts with a "which"

Reviewer: I don't think in this case it is worth emulating other examples, as the project is still really new (not much precedent). I think this change is inline with the [usage example template](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1hCXhDzcIXo3oqs9OzH158v98lMwIaJFkReln1y-TXjw/edit#), so I think it is better to get the wording as correct as possible rather than try and make the content as close to other content as possible.

> which matches documents in the ``zips`` collection if the value of their

Reviewer: ```suggestion
which matches documents in the ``zips`` collection where the value of the
```

Suggestion: I think "matches documents if..." sounds slightly off, as it sounds like the database only goes through the act of matching if a certain condition is met (it always goes through the act of matching, rather some things do not fit the criteria it is looking for).

Suggestion: "their ``pop`` field" sounded strange to me, as it made me think on first reading that the group of documents returned shared a ``pop`` field.

Author: accepted

> ``pop`` field is less than or equal to *500*:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``pop`` field is less than or equal to 500:
```

Suggestion: I don't think we generally use italics for values.

Author: Nathan initially suggested this formatting on my UpdateOne PR (#5). I thought I would keep it across usage example pages for consistency.

Reviewer: Sorry wasn't aware of this new convention. In that case, sounds good!

.. include:: /includes/run-example-tip.rst

.. literalinclude:: /code-snippets/find.go
   :start-after: begin find
   :end-before: end find
   :emphasize-lines: 4
   :language: go
   :dedent:

Click here **<TODO: github link to file>** to see a fully runnable example.

Expected Result
---------------

> This example returns a ``Cursor`` object that contains
> documents similar to these:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example creates a ``Cursor`` object that returns
documents similar to these:
```

Issue: I don't believe the above code snippet has a return value, so I think it is incorrect to say that something is returned.

Issue: I do not believe a cursor contains the result documents, but rather acts as an iterable that can retrieve them in batches.

Author: accepted

.. code-block:: json
   :copyable: false

   // results truncated
   ...

>    { ... , "city" : "SHAKTOOLIK", ... , "pop" : 183, "state" : "AK" },
>    { ... , "city" : "DARLINGTON", ... , "pop" : 12, "state" : "ID" },
>    { ... , "city" : "EAST BARRE", ... , "pop" : 381, "state" : "VT" },

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   { ... , "city" : "SHAKTOOLIK", "pop" : 183, "state" : "AK" },
   { ... , "city" : "DARLINGTON", "pop" : 12, "state" : "ID" },
   { ... , "city" : "EAST BARRE", "pop" : 381, "state" : "VT" },
```

[As documents are unordered](https://docs.mongodb.com/manual/reference/operator/aggregation/sort/#sort-consistency), I think it is unnecessary (and potentially implies an order in documents) to include two sets of ellipses.

Reviewer: I was 100% wrong! Misread the sorts document. [Key/Values are ordered](https://bsonspec.org/spec.html), documents are unordered. Rea was right! Great job!

>    { ... , "city" : "SHAKTOOLIK", "zip" : "99771", ... , "pop" : 183, "state" : "AK" },
>    { ... , "city" : "DARLINGTON", "zip" : "83231", ... , "pop" : 12, "state" : "ID" },
>    { ... , "city" : "EAST BARRE", "zip" : "05649", ... , "pop" : 381, "state" : "VT" },

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   { ...  "pop" : 183, "state" : "AK" },
   { ...  "pop" : 12, "state" : "ID" },
   { ...  "pop" : 381, "state" : "VT" },
```

Suggestion: Could the return value be shortened? I think the important thing is the population.

Nit: I think having two sets of ellipses in each sample return value is hard to read.

Author: To allow readers to locate these documents to make sure the code worked, I think the city, state pair is necessary to disambiguate. Since the city names are also the same number of chars, all the fields are pretty much aligned anyways, making the results easy to visually process in my opinion. Omitted the zip field to eliminate horizontal scroll.

Reviewer: Why is city state pair the best pair for disambiguating these items? Does City and Population (or state and population) have a collision?
